Murkfirth was born and raised amongst his fellow amphibian folk in the wrenthwaith Fens.
From a young age it was decided that he was "flighty " in nature due to his higher than average interest in the outside world as a young fen folk, and decided when he came of age to set forth into the wider world.
Really his curiosity wasn't enough to make such a decision, but he reckoned he had made such a fuss so far with his "flighty" ways that it would be quite the scandal if he didn't meet there expectations. Having no partial idea which way to go, Murkfirth settled into a life of random wanderings, travelling as far and wide as his long legs would take him.

In his travels back and forth across the land he met many a fellow traveller, and as temporary companion or guide shared is wandering wisdom with all who cared to listen. His folk were strange but good natured, seeing good as the natural balance to the world's cruelties and random misfortunes, and Murkfirth brought this nature with him on his travels, readily helping as best he can if for no other reason it seemed like the right thing to do.

He gained a small amount of fame as a, rather peculiar..., guide and came to the attention of an order of hospitaler monks. His time with the monks was personally enlightening and he served as a wandering healer, guardian companion and spreader of news to many a pilgrim and traveller. After a while, his many travels and encounters lead many times compared him to an adventurer... And so we come to the modern day. Murkfirth decided that the adventuring life may be what the world has in mind for him, for there was a wider world to explore, many people to help along the way, and perhaps to find something that may settle his flightyness and allow him to resettle in the Fens.

### Background Knowledge

because of your healer background you will be able to understand the materials that [[sugar]] is comprised of on brief inspection and testing on yourself. so basically after you use it you will know what's its made of and how its made. you will also know how to purify it of its negative effects but its a process that will require time and an alchemy kit.

the reason for this is because of of the main ingredients is a swamp root that is grown in the mountains to the east of shanty. there exists a strange flat marsh to the east in the mountains knows as the the mountain marsh or the flats. it exists due to a several springs in the mountains pouring into it slowly before the water runs off to one of  the many streams. this just causes all the earth on that part of the mountains to be pocketed with divots filled with this water. no know people live there but it is suspected that some people live there just to harvest the roots needed for [[Drugs#Sugar]]